This is a sketch for the [LSM9DS0 + MS5637 Micro Add-On Board](https://www.tindie.com/products/onehorse/lsm9ds0-teensy-31-micro-shield/) for Teensy 3.1. The board is hardwired for I2C, uses the Teensy-3.1-only i2c_t3.h Wire.h library, which allows the SCL/SDA pins 29/30 to be used. All the interrupts are broken out on separate pins and there is an address pin that can toggle the address of the LSM9DS0. The sketch allows the gyro/accelerometer and magnetometer sensors to be initialized and configured for spewing properly-scaled rotation rates in degrees per second, accelerations in milligs, and magnetic field in milliGauss. The sketch allows data output rates and bandwidths to be selected by the user, and the sketch takes these data and performs 9 DoF sensor fusion with open-source Madgwick and Mahony sensor fusion filter algorithms.  The typical data ODR is 200 Hz, bandwidth 50 Hz, and the typical sensor fusion filter rate with the Teensy 3.1 running at 48 MHz is about 2 kHz depending on which fusion filter is chosen (Mahony is a bit faster than Madgwick, but both produce comparable results). In addition, the MS5637 pressure sensor is polled at a 2 Hz rate so as not to slow down the 9 DoF sensor fusion and returns absolute pressure in kPa, absolute temperature in degrees Centigrade, and a pretty good approximation for altitude, which is really most useful for tracking relative changes in height. The altimeter is accurate to about 13 cm in this relative sense. The limitation is the correction for temperature, which could be performed in software (not in this sketch) for a more accurate and nearly absolute altimetry. The sketch depends on hardware interrupts to detect new data ready status; if register polling is preferred the corresponding changes should be made to the sketch. The Wire1.begin function in SFE_LSM9DS0.cpp allows the I2C speed to be adjusted between 100 and 400 Hz. In fact, higher speeds are possible but they are not supported by the LSM9DS0. The sketch currently enables the fast 400 kHz I2C mode.
